There we are. Welcome y'all to MacArthur Park, which is melting in the dark is always super
melting because it's hot as fuuuuck.
Harmontown is once again in session.
What is that?
Let's bring out the Game Master Spencer Crittenden.
I'm gonna call a Comptroller Audible and bring out Brandon Johnson.
Brandon to the stage.
Oh shit.
He said to stop by.
He had to stop by.
What's up with these shoes and these shiny brown-
What do you got? Broke?
Walking that basket weave for y'all.
We got the cap toe basket weave so hot in the summertime my feet need to breathe.
Let's bring out the Mayor of Hamilton.
Dan Harmon
Yeah!
I refer to your normal speaking voice.
Tip to the hop.
Oh, hip to the hop.
Got a big bunion on my sack.
Got a hat on my cot.
Rented a cot for my hat.
And a mop took the mop and put it in a bucket.
Saw your mama last night and said fuck it.
Alright, boring.
Thank you.
Have you given up on freestyle Dan?
Or have you just lost your...
You know, just happy.
I think a lot of rapping has to do with, you know, you've got something you need to say.
I thought you were getting to a pretty good zone there.
Yeah. Yeah, that's great.
I mean, you could hear the reaction.
They were overwhelmed.
In general, it's a great podcast.
There's a lot left to say.
I could launch now and do one of many segments that would be totally relatable to the people.
That people are just waiting to gobble up.
I'm having some...
I just saw some of the decorators proposals.
And, you know, I was a little disappointed to learn that they were photos of just concepts and not my actual house.
You know, stuff like that, stuff that you guys want to hear.
Because it's 2019.
Because right now you have a 17 bedroom, like Marques, like mansion going on.
And you have a one-air mattress and there's no chairs.
I'm truly the voice of the next generation.
From my blanche whiteness to my six-figure-a-week income to my...
He makes $700,000 a week just for doing nothing.
To my complaints about my numerous gardeners.
To my two houses.
To my eight years in podcasting.
I mean, the list goes on and on.
I found it a little bit excessive that you have 17 Lipizonner horses in your house now.
Look, you get into a zone where you're trying to chase that happy rabbit and you can't catch it anymore.
Lipizonners are very cost-prohibitive.
Is it at all possible that anyone else here has something to complain about?
Who here in the crowd thinks they have the most righteous indignation complaint right now?
There's a hand went up over here in the corner.
What was that?
Oh, are you albino by any chance?
Okay, would you like to come up?
Okay, come on up.
Bring that albino up.
Wait, I haven't plugged in.
Place some albino music.
This is a guy with a resonant beef.
I also hate the sun.
You're a friend of the podcast, aren't you?
What was your name again?
Wait, don't tell me.
Jax.
Turbo.
Scorpion.
Kalen.
Kalen, yeah.
I knew it was cool.
Thank you.
How have you been?
Not too bad.
This heat wave, huh?
When you were talking about beef, we're living in a world where people complain about a lot of things,
and I get that, and everybody should have the right.
But every day I wake up, and the center of our solar system is actively trying to murder me.
So what is your physical interaction with albinism?
How do you say it?
So I'm albinistic.
So albinos have the pink eyes.
This is going to be kind of, you know, clipping.
Triggering.
Yeah, it's going to piss some people off.
Now, albiners have the cliff note.
They have the pink eyes, and they can see well.
But they look like pedophiles, and they're the ones who are freaks.
Come on now.
I'm under the radar.
No, look at all the movies when the pink eye ones.
So then I have the color in front of my eyes, but I have vision problems.
I'm legally blind, and the same amount of sun-burning happens.
So you're saying more human being, like blue eyes, not that pink eyes aren't human being,
like I was saying, like more...
This albino is racist.
You're saying that having a more common color eye, you still have worse vision than a pink-eyed albino.
So albinos, the albinos have 20-20 vision generally.
They don't have any problems.
They have just pink eyes.
Albinistic people have vision problems, and they don't have the pink eyes.
They're two different things, but when everybody says, hey, you albino, I'm like, yep.
Because I don't want to deal with the explanation.
Is your tongue abnormally red by albinistic things?
Nope.
I just had a red vine.
You had a lovely cat.
There you are.
I just had a red vine.
You have a very shockingly red tongue right now.
Yeah, so I'm glad it's filming, because I just had a red vine.
I was like, I'm not going to go up.
I'm in the corner.
Well, that tracks with...
Because our friend Victor Varnado has been our friend for ages.
It occurs to me now that you're talking about this, that he has...
God, the language is a fucking minefield, because I want to say regular eyes, but...
Yeah, non-pink eyes.
I don't think I've ever actually talked to a person with the pink eyes, but it's interesting.
That's so weird to learn that they have 20-20 vision.
Yeah, they can drive.
So are you legally blind?
Legally blind, yeah.
And you're wearing contacts?
I can't, because I have a stigmatism, so my eyes do this.
What is your field of vision right now?
Do you have a blurry field of vision?
So what happens for me is, like, Brandon and I know each other, and so he wears great suits.
So he's come to a couple shows, and as long as I know what color his suit is, it's great.
Otherwise, I'll walk by him, and he'll think I'm racist.
But it's just I don't recognize him.
It's that you walk by and you go, get out of my way, nigger.
I'm just doing a character in my show.
Out of my way, brown eyes.
Wait, what do you mean?
You have to know in advance what color suit he's wearing?
So for me, to kind of deal with the world, when you see the sign that says, like, Ash Avenue,
you got your A, you got your S and H, what I see is...
I can spell.
I see a green triangle and two little green squares.
And I make the shapes out before I see them, because I can see color differentiation really well,
but not anything else.
So you're allowed to have a driver's license?
Oh, no.
So what is...
I don't know how deep you've dug into the science of it, but the interesting thing to me is that we're talking about
pigmentation here, and so isn't it that the albino folk, the reason their eyes are pink,
I assume, has something to do with an extension of this whole problem, which is like pigmentation.
Pigmentation, yeah.
The eyes are pigmented, quote, unquote, adequately.
Why is it that the eyes are less functional?
So my brother and sister are both freakishly also albinistic, which is pretty much impossible,
and they would know better than me because they studied it.
So that's not a recessive or dominant trait in parents?
No, it is, but the fact that it happened to all three of us is a freaking nature.
According to Gregor Mendel, it should be happening to like one of you.
Yeah.
If you have four kids.
Like, he learned that with the peas.
It should have happened once and not again.
My mom and dad have a recessive gene.
My dad is Italian.
My mom is Irish.
She's redhead.
My dad's a Swar the Italian.
This is not supposed to happen.
My brother's older.
It happened three times, but they know a lot about the eyes.
The milk man is albino.
I'm sure this joke gets told every fucking family reunion.
I'm sorry, but...
You know what?
That's weird.
My family has no sense of humor, I guess, because I thought they did, but that makes more sense
that one albino was just banging my mom three times.
But a lot of...
To cut you off, you have...
Your hair is fantastic.
Like, you have...
A lot of people to pay a lot of money for is just this beautiful, like, silvery...
I got 16 inches off last time I was here.
16 inches?
Yep.
You donated to charity or something?
Absolutely not.
I was so poor I had to sell it to the movies.
Shit.
To the movies?
I had to, yeah.
I would like to think, and I can't prove it, that the Targaryen chick is wearing mine.
Let's just plant that seed.
You think Daenerys is wearing your hair?
I hope so.
I'm pretty sure that it went to Hulk Hogan.
Do you have any idea about...
Or any of the Eagles.
Why it is mythically...
Because when I see an albinistic person with albinistic features,
I can't avoid thinking about the word angel,
which I'm sure is problematic to the albinistic community.
Our friend Victor has been cast as an angel many times.
Do you have any idea about that?
The origin of why we portray angels as white-haired?
Well, in the Bible, in Revelation, when Jesus comes back the first time in the very beginning,
he talks about his hair dressed in white, his feet like burnished bronze.
His whole like, you know, clothed in white, white, white, white thing.
So I guess when albiners were born, that's why, you know,
they're also getting cannibalized in Africa because they think they're magic as well.
Well, that's no way to treat magic.
Well, no, no.
If you eat an albino thigh bone, you can raise the dead.
It's what they're thinking there.
Well, that is true.
Yeah, but I mean, is there a part of...
It is, right?
It's absolutely true.
Wait, just the thigh bone?
That's an example.
They take trophies from albinos because there's actually more albinism in African genes than in white...
You mean after they die of natural causes?
No.
Okay.
Because I would eat the part of the albino that magically created more albinos.
If I die, I'm going to do an organ donor thing that says,
you can have whatever you want for you.
I appreciate your work.
Are there parts...
Sorry, this is morbid, but are there other...
Is it just raising the dead?
Are there any other...
There's all sorts of things.
These people are doing cocaine and weird African gunpowder drugs and making children soldiers.
I'm not sure what they're doing there all around,
but they think that they get power from eating albinos.
If you're listening in Africa, we're sorry.
I'm going to help one day.
I don't want to overstep my comptroller powers,
but I think there's only one way to prove this theory.
You want the winky?
I want that thigh bone.
Why does this man insult me?
Did you happen to hear the episode recently where we had a kind of a shockingly adept,
self-effacingly, neophyte dermatological scientist up here?
No.
He counseled me on my Polish skin tags that are out of control, and I got to go get them removed and stuff.
I don't know. I was curious about that.
Do albinistic folk...
I make them sound like Irish fairies.
You just say albinos for quickness.
I'm trying to be PC, and I'm just making everyone sound like a fairy.
No, this is the same space.
What's the relationship between... You seem pretty young, so you probably wouldn't know.
Do you get fucking shit growing off you like I do?
I have little sunspots and stuff like that, and I don't go in the sun very often.
You were saying that the reason you have a right to complain is that you have a hate relationship with the sun.
If there's a crack in the window, I wake up every day and go,
fuck! There's a line of sunburn on my face.
I can burn about 20 minutes.
And it's incredibly dangerous, because it's like a cancer ray.
Do you know numbers on that? Do you hear horror stories?
If I spent an hour and a half in the sun with nothing on, it would be lethal?
I'm so good at avoiding it.
I'm lucky enough to have a career where I can make my own hours,
but I don't know enough about North Hollywood and Hollywood Shade to run into the right corners.
And also, I'm hoping that if every... It's a highlander thing.
Every albino or albinistic person that dies, I get stronger.
I don't want to educate anyone on this.
Because each of them has a pocket of darkness, shadow power,
so when they crack open and this dark energy goes into you, and it counteracts the sun.
Do you split between all the albino people, or do you just get all of the deaths worth of value?
I'm thinking that because of my lack of...
Because I have a pretty strong vehicle, I could probably help.
And since I'm not, I'm thinking that negative energy is pulling a little more my way.
Alright, you've got a stronger gravity.
When you run into a full-on...
There's a delineation between albino and albinistic.
When you meet somebody, I imagine you have, with the pink eye thing,
and you meet them, is there any kind of tension between that?
Have you seen the movie Warriors?
Like a rival gang?
I don't know. I'm so rent with them.
You're never alone. You're never disconnected.
The West Side Story kind of thing.
I'm so bound up with social anxiety.
Anyway, I've done a couple photo shoots for awareness and things like that.
And so we had all kinds of different pigmentless people.
And I met them and everything was fine.
But at the same time, I'm just nervous around anybody.
But in the back of my mind, I was like, you can drive, so fuck you.
Yeah, they've got privilege.
Who knows how many albinistic...
I know people you've met who have passed for albinistic and taken advantage of it.
They could put contacts in those assholes.
They could drive a car. It looks Scandinavian.
I'm Italian.
And I was like, are you Scandinavian?
No, I'm just sad.
Sorry, I'm getting fired up.
Well, as always, we appreciate you being vulnerable with us.
I wish I could believe me.
The sun is my enemy too, but boy, the enemy of my enemy.
I wish there was something we could do.
I call the sun orange Hitler.
And from this day forward, that makes it better.
Yeah, I hate it.
I want to put a hat over my pool.
You could put an umbrella that goes out.
I'm thinking about it.
And then I feel like people make fun and go, why do you want a pool?
Those sexy like in the cabanas, like those curvy...
They go out like that, so you have a shady spot always.
And you swim there like, no, I'm being active.
I just happen to be swimming actively in the shade.
You're not. You're just hanging out and hiding.
I might build a wall around it and then put a ceiling on the walls.
And then an air conditioner.
So it'd just be an indoor pool?
Yeah.
That's called a house.
You work hard enough, you deserve it.
You do it.
Yeah.
Or have an indoor pool, I guess.
If you've ever been to the Hearst Mansion, it's like,
he's getting pools where they start outside and then they go inside.
But only if you're in the pool.
Like if you're a burglar, you could try to rob the house,
but you'd have to go in the pool.
And then there's like pools that have hallways, like pool hallways.
That's so badass.
I mean, like if you have an indoor pool and people are swimming
and it's like, can you imagine, it's like, hey, come over here.
People are like going down the pool hallway to do pool coke.
Wait, why is there a pool hallway?
Is there a pool bathroom?
That's what I want to know.
If you go around the corner, is there like...
You can hang up your towel under water over there.
He's got pool rooms, so you have a pool right here,
and then you swim down a canal, and there's another pool over here,
and he's got like three pools in one big pool house,
and it's the dopest shit.
That's what I get.
The only time I get excited about his dumb ass house underwater pool.
The pool thing.
The pool urinals are cool, but the pools sit down toilets.
They're kind of like a work in progress.
It's putting too much power in the hands of the consumer, in my opinion.
Usually it works, but then if you have diarrhea,
we're working that out.
If every single one of your guests is not totally trustworthy
and capable, it's a disaster.
You need a pool guard who watches what the people eat
before they go in the pool.
Shrimps of E.J., if you have two plates of that,
you should not be in the pool.
The pool dietician.
Yeah, like somebody who's just there ready.
It's like vacuum, it's not going to work.
How amazing would it be if you were so rich,
and technology was so accurate or whatever you call it,
that people could come over to your house
and just hang out in your pool.
Your whole house just had a pool everywhere.
Every room had a little pool part of it
so that technically you could just swim to any room
and just be a different class of citizen.
I'm one of the aqua people.
Here I am in the charades game, bye.
But at any point in that water, you could shit or piss
or puke or drop fucking anything,
and it would all just go and just float away
to the nearest filter.
You just crystallized my dream.
You could just float around like a little baby
and pee in poo poo.
You could just be in the water, you could do whatever.
You go inside for the winter,
you start to see the seasons change,
the leaves fall and you go out, you go in,
and then you kind of hibernate and shit everywhere.
You're saying that you just want to live
in a very efficient toilet.
The biggest toilet.
No toilet paper to worry about,
don't have to get the bear anymore.
It's brilliant.
That's kind of what the internet is, right?
It's every human expressing how they'd like life to be.
Like, oh, I'd like to be in contact with every human being
and I'd like to emit whatever I want,
but I don't want to ever touch anything that comes out of me
or out of anyone else.
The problem is the filter on the internet's bad
and we're all backed up,
so now we're all knee deep and shit.
The problem is we need a pool dietician for the internet.
Thank you.
You get it.
Because they just shit.
Yeah.
How would we elect this pool dietician?
I'll do it.
Pool dietician.
I second.
I don't really like,
I don't think people should,
friends should discuss religion or pool dietic.
Steve, can you bring the ice bucket?
Pool dietic.
You just came up with like a 1980s...
Wait, is that a first?
Pool dietic.
No, you said pool dietic.
He said pool dietician.
Oh, pool dietician.
I just stole,
I just appropriated Brandon's joke.
Okay.
Well, when I heard pool dietician,
I thought you misheard pool dietician.
Yeah, I thought it was pool dietician,
but pool dietician is way better.
He said pool nutrition.
Right.
He said pool dietician.
He said pool nutrition.
And I say,
quit pooling around and vote for me.
That's how it happened.
I just got every dad's vote in the joke coalition.
Welcome to my political arty.
What is, there's no pee in it.
Oh, let's keep it that way.
What is going on with the conspicuous timing
of the, when did we...
I think Steve Levy likes to bring it out
in dramatic fashion in the middle of the show
to make like a...
We should get him a cape.
I think he's like the phantom of our opera
and he likes to bring out the...
We should get him a half mask.
He likes to bring out the vodka.
Is he trying to tempt me into health?
Let's see how long it can...
Don't do it.
I don't want to enable him.
I'm leaving it out until he really asks for it.
And then I just look.
I'm here to help, but...
Levy, you should just scream it
from the rooftops that you want it.
I hear him coming.
Here it comes.
Yes, Steve Levy with the vodka.
Dramatic fashion.
All right, Levy, sit.
Please sit down.
Sit.
You can't just tell a human being to sit like a...
Like a carrier.
Explain yourself.
Half of it is forgetting
and half of it is strategy, I think.
Forgetting must be nice.
Unfortunately, my vodka's never out here.
Strategy for what?
What's the strategic ploy here?
You know, we keep it on the rails a little bit
in the beginning.
Oh.
Oh, shit.
All right.
To time out Dan's blackouts.
Forget which one it was, but you were like,
you know, I think I may have just too much in the beginning.
And I was like, well, you know, if I don't...
Give it 15 minutes.
Give you your 20.
Well, I think the danger is more like...
It's about before the show.
If I pre-game before the show, we're just fucked, you know?
Yeah, all right.
Yeah.
Shit.
Like the Yardley Smith episode, I just...
I got...
Yeah, I think that might have been the one where you were like,
you know...
I was nervous.
It's ironic because they get nervous about certain people
and then I'm like, I want to do a good job.
But then I'm like, well, that's not how you're going to do a good job.
You fucked up with Norman Lear.
And then I'm like...
So then I'm like, oh, a little Dutch courage.
You didn't fuck up.
That episode was classic.
It was classic.
I was there.
I was afraid of Norman Lear.
And because he was facing you,
any time I jumped in and said something
and he couldn't quite hear it,
I think he thought I was attacking him.
Yeah.
Well, you probably were.
I would never attack Norman Lear.
He told us that great story.
I forget which famous actor,
but it was like the dick in the hotel room.
Did he tell us that?
Yeah, something about a dick in a hotel room.
You know who I speak in a Norman Lear,
because you know who was in the green room
and I guess he couldn't wait to come out
and tell Norman Lear that he wasn't on the show.
DeMorge, I ran into DeMorge on Hollywood Boulevard.
I don't know, like 2.30 in the morning or something.
He was straight sober.
I was coming off of an adventure and just trying to...
Did you play Spider-Man until about midnight?
Yeah.
And then...
But I just ran into him in the corner,
like real close to where Sinus Base used to be.
And it was like, holy shit, it's DeMorge.
And we talked for like, it felt like an hour.
And then it was just like, deserted Hollywood Boulevard
and then I went on my way.
It was nice to see him.
What was the origin of your adventure?
What did you just come off of?
I met with Joel McHale and Chris McKenna
and that's already a lot of mix
to just throw at an evening.
So by the time we finished dinner,
McKenna and I were like,
really, Aaron the girl I was dating,
not Erin McGathy,
but Aaron who I was dating
when I was actively working at my hardest on community.
She observed, she's like,
you and McKenna bring out the best and worst in each other.
And like, McKenna and I were like,
we were like yelling at McKale,
like, why do you love your family more than drinking?
Come out with us.
Like, we were just 17 years old.
We were just actively trying to get a man
to break up with his family
because we wanted to go to the Frolick Room
and then we didn't go to the Frolick Room.
We stumbled into this other place that came before it.
This dark bar that only had one other guy in it
and I will say to this guy's credit,
he did the one thing that usually like,
I don't think I've ever heard
from the obnoxious drunk third guy at the bar,
which is he just blatantly sad after listening to us
for 20 minutes, he's like, you know what?
I can't hear you that good
and I'm fascinated by what you're saying,
so I'm going to move one down to Swack and Eavesdrop.
That's quite a compliment.
And I was like, all right, well, can't fault that.
We're in a public place.
If we wanted privacy, we'd leave.
And I was like, well, what do you do?
I'm a data scientist.
I'm a flavor chef.
It's rare when your job title belies the fakeness of it.
I'm a water surfer.
Okay, you wanted to make it sound a little more realistic,
but you blew it.
Data scientist.
I asked him five questions.
He's like, why is that so funny?
I'm like, because literally all science is data science?
All of it.
Does that mean he's one of those people
that just does data input?
He's drunk.
He's trying to live a secret life of Walter Middy.
He just wanted to make up a job.
The answer was whatever.
I don't know.
He did something that had to do with like,
it was like data.
It was data, but it wasn't science.
He goes and tries different flavors of Kellogg's, Corn Flakes,
and sees that they're good.
That's data science.
It was almost like data anti-science.
If you want to know the truth,
it had to do with housing loans.
Banks hire him to make numbers faken dance
in favor of the status quo.
What did you say?
He's like a book cooker.
It's kind of like, you watch the documentaries
about the guys that were behind climate change denial
or tobacco.
When politics meets science.
He's like a think tanker.
Yeah, he's kind of a guy that you call.
He's a data spinner.
Ain't no science about it.
It's very much not science, what he does.
And he actually was getting drunk.
And I think he was getting drunk because he's ashamed of it.
When he actually got to the bottom of it
and was explaining what he did.
Not like you that was trying to talk out.
I'm getting drunk because I love what I do.
Yeah, it's true.
I get drunk because I love myself.
I'm like, yay!
Who wants to overhear me?
And then you just meet people are like,
I'd like to spite my own wrists open.
That's why I'm drinking.
Not yourself. I won't remember.
But the bartender was also very interesting.
12 years sober.
And sometimes you run into a bartender
who's like very rock solid sober.
It takes you back a little,
but there's a certain,
there's a Venn diagram of people
between sober people and bartenders.
It's like, I'm in my sweet spot.
This is how I stay sober.
They're great bartenders
because they were alcoholics once
and they're never going to be again.
And they have empathy for people
that are there for the right or wrong reasons.
They have a sharp instinct for when to cut off,
when to over pour, when to 86, when to call a cab.
And this guy was talking about how
it was 12 years ago
when he saw the episode of Cheers in reruns
where there's a specific episode of Cheers
that I remembered as he described it.
I was like, oh yeah, that episode for sure.
And the lights go out and Sam's alone in the bar
and then he pours one and then he slides it down the bar.
And he's like, yeah, yeah, that one, that one.
And I was like, you know, that got me going about Cheers
and how Cheers is the greatest show
and everybody in my generation will tell you.
And Stephanie's like, he said something like,
he's like, yeah, and I think it was like,
that was before Norm died.
And I was like, Norm died.
How many episodes of Cheers have you seen?
He's like, oh, one or two.
It's like, cheers changed your life
and you never watched another episode.
How do you know the third episode you watch
of Cheers wouldn't make you a millionaire?
Like you watch one episode
and it magically transforms your fucking life
and you're just like, fuck it, I'll watch Firescape now.
Did Norm die? Norm didn't die.
No, he never died.
And anyone that ever cared.
He meant Coach.
No, no, he did.
Well, okay, if he did mean that,
then it's just funny.
He wasn't a Cheers fan.
He just saw that episode and it changed his life.
That's what's funny.
He didn't then watch 200 episodes of Cheers.
He just was like, what a fun episode
or whatever the fuck that was.
We just got Milton about Cheers for a second about Coach.
I've told us straight before on the show
about being at a bar with George Wendt, right?
Probably, like...
Yeah, well, long story short,
Sudeikis is his nephew, George Wendt's nephew.
We went out to...
Which is why Nicholas Cage, he changed his name.
He didn't want that Wendt status.
What's going on?
No, we went to see a band at the Troubadour,
which is a square or rectangular shaped bar.
George Wendt was high
because he and Jason Sudeikis like to smoke a little weed
and Norm sat at the exact spot where Norm would sit at Cheers
on the corner of the left side of the bar
and people were losing their fucking minds.
Because everybody else is high, too.
Like, I just moved here from Cincinnati
and fucking Norm is right there.
Having a beer and the same stool that he would occupy
and he was like signing people's tits.
He was awesome.
Did you sign this chair on purpose?
And did that person ask for their tits to be signed?
It was a different time.
It was a simpler time.
They wanted an autograph.
They didn't have a napkin.
Cut to a Weepy Ratsenberger over in the corner.
Weepy Ratsenberger.
Weepy, how's your relationship going?
You got a new squeeze?
Yeah, I got a new squeeze.
So here's something that concerns me.
I know where this is going.
Cody asked to see a photo of her
and you said you didn't have one.
What?
We hadn't taken pictures of each other.
Also, she's not like a fan of being photographed.
Does she live by Niagara Falls?
Yeah.
We want to respect her, obviously.
But we also want to question her existence.
How do we do this?
How do we walk this tightrope?
How do we authenticate the fact that you actually have a girlfriend?
Well, since that conversation, I actually took a photo of her.
Cody wants to see her yelling at her, step straight.
My boss's fiance wants to know you exist.
Yeah, yeah.
She was not thrilled to be taking the pictures.
But yeah, I took a couple of pictures.
All right.
Does she live in town?
Is she local?
Yeah, she's local.
And how long has this been going on?
Four months.
Are you happy?
You feeling good?
Yeah.
Like Comic-Con, was she?
No, no.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
I was with you every step of the way through Comic-Con.
I know, because you were making out with that one girl and I was...
Just kidding.
Shirley.
Let's call her Shirley.
We won't.
Shirley?
Yeah, she could have like a code name, I guess.
Shirley.
She could have been at Comic-Con and you wouldn't have known,
because she'd be dressed up in some sort of...
Harmon fan.
Yeah, she could have been at Mr. Meeseeks.
She could have been at Meeseeks.
Yeah.
She could have looked like anything Dan would have recognized.
He doesn't know what she looks like.
Yeah.
You might have seen my girlfriend at Comic-Con.
She was dressed like Harley Quinn.
Shit.
Less Harley Quinn's this year.
Are you celebrating or demanding?
Just trying to offer up a subject.
Did you see the Harley Quinn trailer?
No.
The Harley Quinn show?
There's a Harley Quinn animated show and she's like,
shit, fuck that, Batman.
Shit.
Oh, shit, fuck.
What the fuck's going on?
Shit.
That's not your mom's Harley Quinn.
It's weird, because it looks like all the other DC animated shows,
but it's just like this...
Here's what makes this one different.
She's just like, what the shit?
Fuck.
And the Joker's like, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Joke me this.
And she's like, fuck, fuck.
There's something to be said for your mom's Harley Quinn, you know?
I like the idea.
What's also kind of funny about it though is I have this sneaking suspicion,
because I watched the trailer only once,
but I'm like, Batman's not joining in on this game.
So I imagine that they're like, look, Harley Quinn's kind of like Deadpool
or whatever.
You can go crazy with her.
But she's surrounded by all these icons of the DC universe,
drawn in that same style.
But she's the only one.
So one of them's just like, oh, fiddle sticks.
And she's like, fuckin' ain't right about that.
Shit, shit on a dick and pussy.
We got a Joker.
Let's fuckin' kill Batman.
Ah, no sweat in my pet.
She sounds like Harley Quinn.
Yeah.
Harley, Harley Quinn.
Harley, Harley, Harley Quinn.
I'm having a stroke and nobody's helping.
Nobody is a Harley, Harley, Harley Quinn.
Rest in peace, Brandon Johnson.
He died as he lives.
Hit him in the solar plexus.
Committing to poorly fleshed out bits.
He's like side armor.
Oh no.
Just sleep, sleep, sleep.
Go gentle into that good night.
Shit, he was the only guy I knew up here.
Yeah.
Spencer, have you ever cosplayed?
Have you ever gone out into the cosplay universe?
No, I got, I got, this is like not,
this is not a cool belief these days
because you're supposed to be, I don't know.
I don't even want to label it.
But I think that cosplays look really good
when you look something like the character.
Obviously anyone can be any character all the time.
But like, I've always wanted to like,
you know, find someone I look like
and I don't look like very much at anything.
Who would you go if you had to like,
get styled as a cosplay character?
You could, you know, whatever you wanted,
look exactly like that person.
Who would it be?
There's this guy's husband in an anime
that I look kind of like.
He's like just this big fat guy.
He's like, he's like giant.
But you're not, you're not fat.
You're skinny.
But he's just like a big giant guy.
Okay.
And if like,
Spencer's anime fat.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm anime guy,
woman's husband fat for sure.
What's the name of this character?
I can't remember his name.
He's generally called husband.
The woman's called teacher.
How much he's her husband?
How much recognition do you think
that would get on the comic con floor?
But people would be like,
I did not.
But it's very generic.
The costume.
So like, I don't think,
I think they just think I was a big fat guy.
But if they like, it's a,
it's a if you nailed probably anime.
If you nailed it to perfection.
Do you think someone go?
Oh fuck, you're the husband from the thing.
I hope so.
Yeah, I would I would like to see you
gain a little of your weight back,
shave your beard, cut your hair,
and be the plump guy from
the original lion Voltron.
And right and leave.
You can be like the kid that like glasses one or whatever.
Yeah, the green one with the glasses.
I like that.
You know these days you could go as fat Thor.
It's great.
Not you like me.
It's like anyone could be fat Thor now.
It's a great cosplay for people who want to look like
their their characters.
Your Thor.
Yeah, I could barely sit down.
It's for my favorite jokes.
Oh, okay.
I got it.
I got there.
Hardly Quinn.
He's back.
Oh, Grandpa.
He survived.
Just, just died.
Put sugar in my coffee.
We're going to make Hardly Quinn work.
Hardly.
Dan.
Cosplay.
Cosplay goal.
Like really knock it out of the park.
You can walk down the main drag of the comic con and people
would freak the fuck out and take photos with you.
Or you could just be like a real deep track that only a couple
people like were hip to.
Well, I can't go as Zizek.
But like the what's his name?
Don't know what that is.
He's a philosopher guy.
He's just a guy that looks so much like me that people are
just it wouldn't even.
They'd be like, well, you wear a white t-shirt and it's got a
stain on it.
Like it's the stains on a different spot.
You Google them.
You told a great story.
The night we were walking from the boat back to the hotel,
you're telling Adam.
You reminded Adam divine how you first met them.
Oh, yeah.
I've told that story at least twice.
Yeah.
How the the workaholics guys got got not really me,
but another guy.
Yeah.
The fast forward version.
There was a guy that was at this at this party and he kept
asking me questions about New Zealand.
And I was like, I've I kept going like, no, I don't know.
I'm not sure.
And then it culminated me going, I've never been to New Zealand.
So I don't know.
He's like, OK, real funny.
You've been to New Zealand.
And I'm like, no, I haven't.
And he got you get this look on his face that just melted into
humiliation and rage and like all kinds of things.
And he pointed a thrust his finger over to where the
workaholics guys were all standing and giggling and said,
those guys told me you were Peter Jackson.
But I kind of got two thirds of the workaholics back this
Comic Con on accident because Justin and I somehow led
everybody over to the Hilton under the auspices of like,
hey, everyone's going to the Hilton other we got to the
Hilton and it was like, everybody's going to the Hilton
other we got to the Hilton and it was like, everyone with a
room here because we're going to bed.
I didn't mean to get him back and it certainly wasn't as art
to get another boat with the Game of Thrones people like no
Game of Thrones people this year.
Farscape, right?
Yeah, we talked about this last week, I believe.
I was I was too busy.
Let's do it again.
I was being a water jug and not being on stage last week.
That was fun.
You remember when you put the hat on it?
Oh, yeah.
God damn, Jeff.
Let's grow up.
What?
I just I'm a I'm a delicate artist.
I think that episode that people that don't subscribe to it
will be lost to time.
But if you if you saw what I did with just found objects.
Brandon, how's it going in the Rick and Morty Raiders room
in your opinion?
Every Jeff's coming to kill Dan.
Oh, wait, come on.
That is hilarious.
Holding a thing is so I'm sad for you is hilarious.
How is how is Rick and Morty?
Sorry.
Every day is amazing.
Amazing.
It's a great group.
I'm proud of that.
I don't even demoralize anybody that I'm like I'm like the I'm
like Beatle Bailey on my own army.
I might come in and go.
We really have to stop talking about goofy shit and work now.
I mean, I don't think you're never going to meet Mr. A and W.
You know that motherfucker does not know he's drinking out of the bottle.
Oh God.
You have to have an intervention for Jeff.
He's a he's a focus addict.
He can't get enough focus.
I think these are high concept bits.
He's he's going to he's going to die of focus inhalation.
Every plant got to get water.
His species of plant is only viable upstage.
Yeah, where everyone has to turn their head.
All right, what?
Why is the audience reacting differently?
I was literally moving a centimeter a second to try to steal some.
And then the whole plan it took me like 20 minutes and then it was gone.
Is there any correlation between albinism albinisticness and alcohol tolerance?
Well, I don't know.
All I know is that some people say they're functioning alcoholics.
I'd like to say that I'm a thriving alcoholic.
Is that a goddamn bottle of water?
It's a bottle of club.
That's my concept shit.
I agree.
Who knows what'll be the next escalation if God wanted me to drink water.
He wouldn't have made my body 80 percent of it.
You see your your own mixer.
You're like your own shaker.
All you have to do is do a couple of butterflies and you're mixing your own
average. Dan put the or the Jeff put the drink on a art.
You provoke him Dan.
You provoked him.
What do you call this instrument?
He put it on a wardrobe a shipper.
Yes, a Davenport.
It's a yes.
Let's stop.
Let's stop doing the podcast.
No.
Come on.
Hardly Quinn.
Puletition was amazing.
So amazing that it didn't even it was like at the high water mark.
Yeah.
I made it from.
I was like poor Brandon.
The sound system was like reverbing.
Someone said pool dietitian and he's repeat repeating it wrong.
And you're like you're bringing us up to a new level.
Puletition.
It was good.
I mean, you know, corn and cheese are my specialty.
It was it was no hard.
It was no hardly Quinn.
Well, don't you're trying to sabotage them because you're jealous.
Where's the but you didn't you ended your bit right behind you on the thing.
Do you want me to get it Easter?
Oh, you got it.
I'd go but I'd knock everything over.
So where is that Easter?
Milwaukee.
That's when you're in a family unit where it's like, you know, the after school
specials, they pour the bottles down the sink triumphantly.
That's sometimes it's a little more complicated that you go to the sink.
You're like, well, goddamn, we're not alcoholics.
We should store this somewhere where we can have it.
Just in case we change our mind.
He's the one with the problem.
I'm putting this in the backseat of my car.
A few Mason jars.
Mom's not going to do any cherry jelly this year.
Just throw them in the back.
We're a proud tribe, Milwaukeeans.
You would like it there, I believe.
I love the Midwest, especially in the winter.
Why?
Because it's cold and dark.
Oh, OK.
I'm fine with both of those things.
I didn't know it was dark.
Oh, yeah.
I was here.
I was at the NPR radio lab is there.
They're doing this multi-part series about the history of people studying
intelligence and all the problems that's caused throughout history.
And talking about the eugenics craze that...
Being very soft on eugenics, I feel.
Spencer was tweeting about this recently.
It's not really upsetting.
Soft on eugenics?
Yeah, these past two episodes, they're like,
there's this crazy guy talking about this cool new science.
They call it eugenics.
Are we talking about the same thing?
Yeah, yeah.
The G series?
Yeah.
The last two episodes, they've brought up.
They've been like really diving in deaths.
Oh, this guy invented it.
He's a Nazi.
Like they're not talking about that.
Like it's that the distinct links to Nazism.
Like both of those episodes, like Jad was like, these are Nazis.
Right.
Like an aside.
But that's all the time they spent on it.
It's like, no, that's the whole that all it is is these are Nazis.
You say that once.
It may be.
I don't want to certainly don't want to be the devil's advocate in this
conversation.
But yeah.
Do it.
Because it's literally the devil I'm advocating for.
Sure.
But I got the impression that they might have been more being more cautious than
they needed to be of Godwin's law kind of thing.
So if we say Nazi Hitler shit every single time we evoke eugenics, like we're going to
miss an opportunity to provoke thought about the root of this shit.
But the root of it is Nazis.
Well, but the part of their point is that the root of it isn't.
And I hate to put this fucking arrow in the worst people in the world's quiver, but eugenics
was a craze in America, like, like, like, yeah, like swept through us like right around
the.
Yeah.
The reconstruction picked it up and then the Holocaust happened that like that's a very
important dot to connect for America or is it or is it so hot button that that people
stop listening and that that might otherwise actually think about.
Well, what are those problems?
The radio lab.
No, I just I really made me uncomfortable because it's like you can you can have a bit
more context, like very interesting stuff they're discussing.
But like at the end of the recent one, they're like, you know, some countries might say it's
fine to do eugenic birthing standards.
And if you don't like that, doesn't that make you the real racist?
And then like he literally said that.
Whoa.
Okay.
I didn't hear that one.
You're imperialist racist in that context or something like that.
Yeah.
It's really interesting stuff.
Don't get me wrong.
Well, yeah, I will.
I'd rather have my needle as sensitive as yours.
I'm afraid of mine getting number.
I've achieved like a sort of fetish now for non divisiveness, which is another way of
like I listened to these guys, the guys that host stuff they don't want you to know.
And I particularly fetishized their crazy like almost obsessive and highly skilled ability
to go into areas that that traditionally are just like if your decision is to be non divisive
then you wouldn't bother to talk about any of this stuff in this area but because they're
a conspiracy theory kind of podcast, they constantly have to go into these areas.
But they clearly like pride themselves and have said as much at a certain point after
I noticed it.
And then they said it at one point I was like, oh, okay, so this is I wasn't hallucinating
this.
You guys are like, they look at humanity's political frailties, good, bad, dark light as
like a souffle that they're not going to collapse by stomping around it.
And they kind of like they have a gift for language that doesn't presuppose particularly
anything as they explain things like MK ultra and and all this stuff that you'd think would
be festooned with laser lines and stuff.
And I don't want to be that person or rather I could never be that person.
So like I wouldn't I don't think the good version of me makes that a goal.
But I at the same time I listen to these guys on the way to work now, and they kind of they
kind of bring me this Taoistic piece because they're so smart and they're so interested
in such fringe shit.
And yet they clearly not because they're secretly on the side of the scum of the earth and don't
want to lose those ratings but because they have some academic belief that proper like
exploration of stuff shouldn't necessarily ruffle anyone's feathers.
And that they're just they just want to state things in some weird Jedi way that like doesn't
necessarily like like like say Nixon was a bad person even like they they just kind of
like it's it's it's it's that's my kick right now.
It's probably a dangerous kick.
I should be.
Yeah, I think not wanting to offend people that are Nazis is part of like why we're in
the problem we're having.
You know, I don't think that's necessarily bad for conspiracy theorists.
But there is this part of it all though that you do get to take a break.
Sure.
Yeah, like you don't have to be engaging in this bad.
There are times I think where you can objectively just watch something just to tune the fuck
out for a second because it's been pretty.
I think we all can agree that it's been like an onslaught for two years.
So I think you more than two years but like three.
I said more.
I like delivery in that shit someone three.
Yeah, so I do think I do think you can watch something it be Nazi heavy and just be like
for a second I kind of just want to watch this thing.
You know by contrast our nation's president executing like the absolute like divisive fucking
sword like the only thing that I'm taking in from the news and it should be noted that
I'm trying to actively avoid news so the shit that gets to me is fucking gravity fed and
it's coming through tons of gravel and like like like it's it's it seems uncanny to me
that he is absolutely I I agree with what's his fuck.
Newt Gingrich is observation that I read about.
I know you're brisk like you agree with Newt Gingrich.
I agree with Newt Gingrich is observation that what Trump is doing right now strategically
absolutely has to attempt to define everyone left of fascist as anarchist as socialist.
He's he's he's he's looking at the numbers and he's going like I need to double down on
all of the race talk and all of the immigration talk good for the base but also what I need
to generally do to people out there who are dangerously trying to walk the tightrope.
He's basically looking at them as people who are trying to win some kind of like balance
game because there's Zen and he's shouting in their ear like so you're socialist so you're socialist
like and trying to remove from their heads like he's trying to he wants the next election
to be about oh boy there's just really boy I would hate to have my home taken away by
people of color so I mean I'm not that democratic.
I thought about that with a reverse trajectory and I was thinking about yeah for a while
there wasn't there a little bit of a push to like wake people of color up to the fact that
Democrats had never actually had their back you know that cynical kind of thing where
where there was like that push ago like hey would you know look these people have never
taken care of you and all that stuff and that feels like that has been jettisoned because
the numbers just never turned around so now he's like he's condensing all of his strategy
on this idea of like he wants you to think that in the game of Coke versus Pepsi that
Pepsi definitively means Alexandria Cortez gets all of your pants like whether you want
he needs you to be thinking about that like the same way that you pound home like butter
emails you know Benghazi and all that stuff you just pound home that stuff's not all for
the hillbillies that stuff is to try to like scramble the signal of people who might otherwise
be tempted to eat a sandwich take a breath and vote their conscience to convince them
that they're in a war between like crazy and what I had yesterday.
I do I totally agree with Spencer and that people should like be vigilant but I also
am getting to the point where I understand that people probably are suffering some fatigue.
But that's why I mean that's why I understand what you're saying is like not the time to
fetishizing centrism well I just think it's like really important context in a world where
there are white nationalists who are pointing to what they call science to justify their
race science and it's like it's an impressive analog that that's what we did for manifest
destiny that's how we justified the westward expansion and the trail of tears that followed
and then like that like Nazis literally looked at that and they're like well we're more
white than you so you must be on to something and like it is this very trackable thing that
started in America it's back in America arguably never left America and they're just leaving
that out in in a perfect contents to bring that up because a big part of their unit is
it is problematic what these what these IQ generalities are doing and they do a great
job of expressing like the people like for instance the black people can't get their IQ
test in the public school system because of this court case which is just this weird thing
because the IQ test was used to put black people in special ed when they didn't deserve
it and like so they do a good job of talking about the bad elements and even when they're
talking about these last two episodes they were it's just like to me it's like it seems
doubly important to explain like the historical context of where it's developed and they did
that just a tiny tiny bit and I would just like to see you know yeah I could definitely
understand I could picture them sitting in a room right exactly that's what piss me off do we do we connect this to today
overtly or do we or do we put one spark plug next to another I don't know how spark plugs work
I don't think they're supposed to clearly they'd probably make it a wire if they wanted to connect
them it looks cool do we put one diode next to another and like hope that and let the
listener like form you know I'm sure that's what they're banking on as an editor as a
storyteller as a producer I would make an argument yeah I would it's like oh man are we
gonna like we have this weird self-shaming instinct if you're at all left of anything
you kind of tend to come equipped with this like self-policing and only exploitable thing where
you're like oh was I getting too political oh did I accidentally like soapbox today like the other side
exactly doesn't have that self-policing instinct but they should continue to not have it that's what makes
it the other side and we should continue to have it it I don't know man it's like you research like the
the back in my day when I was a kid and it was like when I wasn't participating in any of this shit but
there was this whole push of like the they used essentially the same trick on an atomic level
which was like accusing the left of controlling the media accusing the media of having a liberal bias
and people who go into journalism are number one typically probably in their personal lives probably
big fans of freedom of speech probably big fans of approaching things practically probably big fans
of like like society but did generally you know as much as they would deny it and not want it to be a
thing it's probably true that if you major in journalism in college there's an increased chance of your
personal politics being liberal however it like you use also an increased chance of you having a
fucking huge power to like put that aside probably too much so and it was exploited throughout our
history the right has that strategy they they drill down on it they know that they can accuse the
left of being unfair and the left will hear the word unfair and just freeze like a rabbit and then
they'll just do whatever they want like while everyone's frozen because it's like you just call
time out in the game of duck duck goose and then you just say you're a goose I don't know that's not
right politics quarters over but but yeah I don't know what to talk about so I hear you got any
anal warts doesn't I don't have anal warts sorry Spencer what are you let's talk about anal warts
no no no doesn't Joel McHale own a steakhouse I was gonna ask that yeah he does in downtown with
the Russo brothers with the Russo brothers yeah what's the deal with that you should eat at a steakhouse
look the Russo brothers are clearly sending me a message message received I'm sorry that I wasn't
more respectful I should have taken some though they they they tease the shit out of all those
comic-con fans with that that Troy and Abed clip huh that really when I saw that people are like
community movie and when I saw the actual clip I was like that's not what that portends you're just
no you're just believing what you want to be there it was good clickbait and then I was right but
I'm always right because I'm a genius and no one can make me not smart but I used to have to say it
when it was like what about the community movie thank you I would be like oh Justin Lin will get the
community movie made because he's got this huge deal and he's like the fast furious guy I mean now
it's like whoa that's good the Russo brothers being bored and successful is the greatest thing that
can happen for a potential community movie is there any theme to the is his name on it is he like
Mike Dicka in Chicago where he has yeah Joel McHale sweet steak no it's I don't know they have a
they have a classy supposed to be very good there is the soup I am absolutely I am I am no foodie at
all but I did the place that I ate at with McKenna McHale that it is it was goddamn amazing it's
Hollywood and Vine over there a little hard to find in GPS it's across the tree from the panties
called APL is that everything that's right oh yeah what'd you get thick cut bacon sorry Rob Schwab
like but I mean it's a steak place yeah but it's like super like if you want to judge she she foodie
culture great place to walk into take a photo and like put on your blog and go look at this fucking
shit but if you want to have delicious food and or like like take a date and impress the hell out of
them it is a fantastic place like so over the top like I the steak knives look like throwing knives
they're made of one piece of metal yeah and I was like I thought I was just an integral handle or
a thruching I've been watching a lot of fortune for your fire yeah this blade will key will key it
I got Doug Marquette every time I see him going it will key I want I I giggle and I kind of pee
in my pants a tiny bit and then if I go into an airport and you see keels like the store like
it has lotions and whatnot I have to take a picture of it and send it to people go this store will
key so I I was taking a picture if you haven't watched fortune fire it's like chopped but chopped
took their name because it is a fortune fire what hadn't come after chops a lot more chopping
and forced in fire absolutely yeah and the contestants are nicer and help each other they
do and everyone likes each other they all look after each other sportsmanship fortune fire is
just the fucking greatest they have to make a sword later on and it doesn't mean anything it's great
it doesn't you talking about checking out and not wanting to watch politics and not wanting to turn
on the news yeah just fortune fire just watching people just hammer metal and go this is all I want
I have Asperger's I want to make a sword and then to buffer that urge I recommend 35 milligrams
of hoarders hoarders gives me anxiety because I man yeah but a y'all better cry to shark tank like
I do shark take I cry to shark tank I am not going to lie because you bring your child on people
bring their whole families on a shark tank and be like before I pitch you this thing that takes
tops off of cans I have battled leg cancer for 14 months and then fucking this was the
invention that they came up with when they were in the hospital they just offer and like they just
asking for 20 grand pass I but yeah look we could talk about reality TV for the rest of the night
just gotta tell you about these steak knives yeah yeah yeah believe me all I want to know is more
about the last thing I want to do is I'm gonna be telling you I've never eaten in a restaurant where
the steak knives they're not serrated but so sharp that they're steak knives and I like took a picture
of it was were they etched or the Damascus where they were you got oh I don't know I don't know you
have to go there but there's nothing you can eat there huh no I'm gonna just look at the knives
and they have on display there I'm gonna take a knife and bring my own ballistics dummy in there
and do a fucking bunch of kill tests and because Mikhail knows the people there like I was caught
I was like these knives are amazing and he's like oh they asked the people about him whatever
this fucking giant bicep the size of a watermelon 1051 steel what do you got the 260 but there I believe
they said the steak knives cost $6,000 each to make yeah they charge you if you take they call the
police right if you put one in your purse and leave and yes I'm implying that only women steal
you're welcome because you know what Dan it's time to even those scales Dan that joke he just said
will kill your career but but they tell you absolutely if you I mean people are very tempted
I always tempted I was like I want these fucking knives I was gonna I wanted to ask them about
it because I wanted to order them on Amazon or whatever foolish me these fuckers are custom
made by a dwarf in the volcanic planet of Hephaestia and they're I think they said their
six grand each which makes sense because they were like they're like so like do you have
problems with people they're I get the numbers mixed up because they might have also said
there's only 600 of them in existence yeah and I and that they're worth something else
but sometimes people steal them and they simply call the police and they get the knife back
because it's grand larceny I sell them like if you really want them I think they'll sell
you the song to you at like full price and then they'll only have 599 of them well yeah
wait would you you're acting like you know what that's what I read in like they you know
they they had like press and stuff you read about the places they eat I am a big food
lover guy this guy started doing a food Instagram and then I stopped because I got shame that
I gained weight back but I'm gonna posting about it once I get well once the house is
furnished and ready like I I want to start throwing knives again I'm gonna be a knife
thrower again Dan I was I was being why don't you you got the money you got the space for
it for sure let's build a backyard forage and let's get on fucking forging fire for
your weapons yes in the backyard I was for I like I'm pretty sure if you give me a fucking
cold forage I'll fucking lay it down right now I don't know man you got to keep that
heat up but you got to keep the heat right you got to keep it even you got to you got
to watch that quench because it'll warp on you and I'm gonna throw you in I'm gonna throw
you in there don't you ever water quench never water quench or you got to put it in the
oil what about the burn tang what is that they don't burning it through the wood that's
a bad idea never do a burn through I mean you can do that if you got loads of time but
not in a two hour round never works out because this round of fortune is over thank you damn
the guy's name is Will Willis and I love him and I want to fucking hug everybody on that
show can I tell you about the episode of hoarders we watched the other night on the
recommendation of a hoarders addict who for ten seasons it's like they texted somebody
and they gave us the top four Hulu recommendations like number one was like this so much poop
and pee being stored they store the poop in the pee yeah and I think I was like they
said do you have a problem with poop and pee I was like fuck no I've seen a million hoarders
where there's like oh there's poop on your thing who cares what sort of vessels do they
store the poop in the pee it's so bad I literally almost it's like I was gagging watching it
because it's like full blown but I just it's like they hoard the poop it was it was it was
it was a woman who had it's always there's always a tragic story to it and there was
a woman who had lived with her mom her mom when she moved in with her her mom was a hoarder
and her mom was kind of like it whatever I'm not going to like ran out of poop one time
there was a there was a she never forgot it there's always there's always a crazy there's
always this crazy maker break where the person is he has to like they have to like it's
make or break like they're either willing to like they just they kind of like they'll
come they'll come up with some thing and like this woman was like because they kept saying
to her like you know you know there's poop and pee everywhere here and she's like yeah
I know it's but and it's also it's like musty and they're like no musty is like a thing
you say when there's not poop and pee everywhere but it still smells was there like is it in
mason jars or what's going on it was like it was like these these water jugs it was like
it was like I guess just even exchange of like you get water from Albertsons and you drink
it and then you pee and poop and whatever's left of those just it was it was voluminous
it was crazy it was just like piles of these individual canisters but the they kept they
kept warning her they're like like like this is this is septic conditions and you can't
all this stuff and like usually you expect the person to be in denial about the danger
of the conditions and she was in denial about that and then they started the cleaning process
and then after and then there was like the chiron that said four four days into the cleaning
process like whatever her name is she has a meeting with the people in the backyard and
she goes like look guys like all I'm telling you is I get it you're cleaning out the whole
house everything's going to go and I'm just telling you like you keep throwing away all
this food that I have because you're telling me like it probably has poop in it and I'm
just telling you I'm like I need to I need to eat something from that house she's the
poop and they were like saying to her like what are you saying that you're like a junkie
and that you you need one final blaze of glory before the intervention like you want to eat
potentially contaminate and she was just sort of like saying yeah that's that's what it
is I want to eat food that might have shit in it like she was it was almost heroic like
that's not that's not that's not any hero I've ever worshiped well it is when you get to
the point where you're like you're like clinging to anything that you're willing to fucking
like you just want a little nibble I find hoarders fascinating because she poops in the food
or the food no she's got shit everywhere and then there's people like you're like telling
her it seems like the latter seasons of hoarders what they've done now is they've they didn't
want to lose viewers who tune in for the bullying which I don't like I don't like watching people
come into a hoarders place and go like holy shit it's like what the fuck job did you
sign up for you asshole like I I like that I like that like the people that are like
clinically trained and like they come in the door they go okay all right so what's going
on with the mouse skeletons you know like valuable to you yeah yeah no I got to keep
those otherwise you never know like and it's like these people are obviously in need of
help but if you want to help them I just I kind of fetishize that like I like to judge
the judges I I'm like but now what they've done in the latter seasons of hoarders now
they've broken it into this like ghost hunters kind of a story B story where like they'll
have extreme cleaning experts spend the night in the house and so they do night vision like
Blair which stuff like there's a turd next to me holy shit I've never cleaned anything
this extreme this old lady's soul has been crushed but but they're like cutting back
the people that I it's like I like I'm inspired by the idea that you know like I have I have
relations to that breed of dysfunction like I but for the grace of God you know have a
place that you can see the floor in and I've been in places where it's like I just I'm
endlessly fascinated by the ways that you can be in pain and crazy and the different definitions
and total compulsion that you can pull out of and how you pull those people out of it
and stuff and I like like and for me personally as a guy who is teased a lot for hygiene and
stuff like that I I find it tremendously I go to that I like going to that well and I've
really never met anybody that wanted to watch hoarders as much as I do so I just never get
to see it that much and I understand no one wanting to watch it but I am like I love that
I love watching kind people who are like have degrees in the amount of pain you have to
have in order to get this bad and who who and watching them like just just be chill about
it and try to reach the person and then watching the person confront their wall like I've
I've watched a few and I couldn't really like keep going because I think I saw a few where
the person felt tortured by having the the the the clutter removed and it was like it
was hurtful for them because they're they're they're they're they're losing yeah a stack
of newspapers are never going to look at covered in rat droppings but like the losing that
was like having something ripped out of them yeah it's it's really I mean I tell you know
it's it that's why it's riveting to me because the outcome isn't always the same it's like
it's it's sometimes it's like okay we got it you you shit and peed in your house so much
that it would cost more to clean it than to tear it down your worst nightmare has arrived
like we don't even want to like sort through it goodbye you're going to you're going to
live with your aunt Stephanie now I thought you were going to talk about poop mountain
the the hoarders of you don't the poop mountain that's that's why I started gagging that
that's probably the episode I'm talking about no there's there was a toilet that had poop
up to there they were storing it they decided to stop flushing it they were storing it they
were story they just and I that's what I don't watch the show because I have a gag reflex
yeah and they were they they just left the poop in the toilet and they just kept growing
and it and there's a picture online just look up hoarders poop no that oh yeah I'm not that's
why I was sad when he brought it up what I literally is a horde of poop there's a cousin
of the show there's an episode of hoarders that I saw a long time ago where the prison had
like cats in the basement and cages and and I was like oh the animal ones fucking me I
can't handle this but apparently there's a and I can't judge these people because what
do I like but like apparently there's a huge audience of people that are like more of the
animals and there's like a whole animal hoarders show or it's just like mainlining that drug
like maybe who's who's dark like like like you know because because they're they're identifying
with the hoarder of all those I don't know I don't know and it's hard I'd be hard pressed
to tell you what I'm doing watching it you know how much of it is me punching down and
how much of it is me you know because your old place like your old Wilcox place you weren't
a hoarder you were just messy and I was I was a fucked up enough guy that you know if the
neighbor had a plumbing problem I you know I remember the shame of somebody knocking on
my door and being like fuck well who's this like you know and like just calling through
the people because they can't come in here they're gonna call something they're gonna call
the city I remember like a plug they're gonna call Mountain Dew and Domino's peeps and say
this guy should be working for you I remember I remember like a plumber coming in because
someone in the neighboring apartment had something wrong with their plumbing and they needed to
come to my place and look at my pipes and I had like not actual shit but shit in the sink
like cardboard just garbage in the sink like the sink was just full of like just like not
even just dirty dishes but just like I wasn't even allowed to go in cardboard and shit like
in my sink and like I remember the sound of the plumber and just going what the fuck and
it's like it's yeah it's like that's part of what's interesting to me is like well I kept
doing it like I got the opposite direction now you have this this expansive well because
because because palace because whatever is wrong with me I'm graced with a circuit board
that had an output port on it that that connects to a money machine and I think that's part
of it too is my guilt like why I'm fascinated with the neurodiverse community is because
I feel a little guilty sometimes of like well why did I get a fucking just like scratch off ticket
that's like when you when you're gross you you don't have to work for a living and everyone
like one micron to the side of me or one lithium drip different from me is like I have to live
under a bridge and the police police are gonna shoot me like like and I'm like like yeah
I'm kind of like you know I just like it's just morbid fascination I guess like I maybe
I'm looking for maybe I want to know that they also make bad choices like all right yeah
but you you you you you yeah I don't know the bad choice was storing the poop definitely
it's like I don't think if I could if I could if I if I didn't get to a if I didn't if I
didn't get to a level while I was knee deep in pizza boxes and and and and pantyhose
and fucking shit like because there was a room in your place that you weren't ashamed
to let me or Rob into your apartment but I was not allowed to go into the bedroom because
that door was always closed. That's where the mannequin legs were and like yeah like
and Jeffrey Dahmer famously before he started eating people like saw a mannequin in a window
then he then he like hid all night in a store so he could steal the mannequin because he
was like thinking to himself like if only if I had a mannequin maybe I won't have to hurt people
and like it was like an open joke with you guys it was like this looks like a serial killer's
lair and I'm like yeah I'm always thinking about that stuff I'm like oh jeez what separates me
on this family tree of of monsters and maybe that's why I'm you know into prison advocacy
and stuff not that I do anything about it but I'm like how do we how do we treat our
worst people like that that documentary about the the pervert park or whatever where it's
like every single person in there was abused as a child another they got you know anyways
anyways but the the the for the by the grace of fucking chaos by the random throws of dice
like my being knee deep in all this garbage and hating myself and being ready to like whatever
like it resulted in me being able to get in a bigger apartment and then and then hire a housekeeper
and so then I had a person coming over every week like you you get to a point where you can
afford to hire someone that comes over every week they do your laundry they wash your dishes
they swiffer your floor like you're you're done you can be as much a pig as you want and
that's like it's like a video game where it's good when you get that upgrade and you're
fucking done like I'm not tested anymore about what kind of filth I would live in if it was
up to me to clean up after myself an opportunity what's that you are hoarding opportunity and
hoarding opportunity yes no this is not me trying to shame you because like you and I
spend a lot of time in hotels you know one that's ever not shamed anybody started a sentence
that way but JFK never famously came out to announce the space program I'm not trying to
shame the country however we should go to the moon JFK was Davros sound like Davros I was
shaming your impression it was a good enough when I stayed hotel like I unpack my suitcase
and when I leave I clean the hotel almost completely before I leave but I've seen you
check into hotel and instantly there's just debris everywhere like your suitcase explodes
into a cataclysm of underpants and socks and shoes and like I don't know if you're going
back to when me and McGathey were together or if that's because I am solo like that but me
and McGathey were like the key key master and gatekeeper of we would just somehow just we
both were like I remember we would check into a hotel in Scotland and we just got there and
I would knock on your door and I come in and there was just there was not a single bit of
floor that was not covered in suitcase material like whatever you had packed it was just everywhere
like I don't know how you like how yeah how you got there that quickly it looked like yeah
you were sitting Nancy but just in a hurry yeah just sitting Nancy but in a hurry I mean
I for my yeah it's like what I when you're alone in a hotel I mean do you like if you
ever check into a hotel alone is it same way if I'm in a hotel alone I throw my duffel bag
down if you know I'm like like I'm on a I'm on a journey into darkness if I'm alone like
so so I'll put I'm actually ironically probably a lot cleaner because I'll just put the bag
down and I there's been trips where I'm like I oh three days in New York time to head back
to LA oh I guess I never unzipped this bag just kind of just wore the same just just flying
home with my that's how I got shingles pretty sure just like didn't didn't sleep that much
never like the bedspreads perfectly clean you could bounce a quarter off it because I slept
half on the floor with my head wedged behind the alarm clock I like New York there's a
drawing room on every corner yeah I could live in hotel I love the idea that if I'm
staying in a hotel for three days say I will put the do not disturb on the whole time because
I don't really make that much of a mess I don't need new towels every moment like I could
use the same towel for three days and it'll be alright I can sleep in the same bed I'm
the same way yeah but I do like the idea that if you're in the event that I've ever had
to stay at a hotel for like a couple weeks the idea that you can take that do not disturb
thing off go out and have lunch and come back and you're in a brand new place I love that
that timing has never worked out for me ever right I'm never leaving as I like yeah I've
never I call them I or if I walk down to the lobby I say hey can you have someone come
up I'm gonna be out for an hour and a half and can you have someone come and do the do
feels pretentious to me well then tip them I do okay I make a big mess with $20 bills
I leave them all over the place that there's your new hoarders episode it's like a big
rich monster exploded the best is Canada because the moment you get to Canada you
instantly have four pounds of coins in your pocket because they love metal money there
and I think the housekeepers there must just love it because he's like I fuck all this
shit and there's like $30 of coins and I found like 10 toonies I love the tunies Lenny's
you got the whole thing all right time for our next segment we try to run a tight ship
here so that's 930 it's time for make it count make it count Spencer what's what's
what's going on with you oh you know that's our segment saying hello to your friend yeah
I like this segment it's good nothing's going on Spencer what's going on yeah
time to check in with Spencer it's time to learn about him Spencer we're gonna learn
about Spencer that's right I am a different gender
I'm on a Spencer vendor but I'm non-binary and I can sound like a canary and be a man
or a lady or something in between and greeting oh and I should be allowed to fight in the
arm services because I'm probably a really good soldier if I'm capable of patriotism
in a country that does nothing but judge me you should fucking let me polish your torpedo
and sort your bullets I'm emcee sort your bullets
what's up hey guys um I don't know nothing that was a great segment let's not give it
up for checking in with Spencer everybody check in with Spencer check in with Spencer
is a cornucopia everybody wants to fucking work your pony up
you want to Harmon quest is uh we're gonna announce Harmon quest tomorrow yeah that's
a bit of insider info that's coming that's going live we're gonna announce that it's
going to be released eventually right yeah I think that'll be the announcement I don't
even know they told me I can't fucking yeah I think it's 9 a.m. Pacific tomorrow it's
a really good season is eastern 12 yeah I know it's a great season I've seen the
animatics not not even all of them but it's like amazing like just the team you know it's
just a testament to when you get that rare opportunity to keep a team on board and the
same people have to do the same thing again and they get to improve in their own ways
like and it's just the it's just streamlined and amazing yeah when I bumped into like when
I go to star burns and I bumped into like Dominic or some of the animators and whatever
they're all just like they have a giant smile on their face which it doesn't seem like they're
going into the coal mines to go do a hard job they they're really happy about it that's
what makes me feel good is it generally does seem like people are excited about the show
they like the show and they like working on it like you know I've never really made a
show outside Harmon quest so I don't I don't know if that's normal or not normal but it
feels you know cool it's extraordinary my fiance although she was you know she she had
a show before but she was working with a partner so she just finished rapping her 10 episode
thing for quibi and it was remarkable going to the rap party and I've seen the same thing
with your leadership that people are just so grateful to have clarity and vision at the
end you know Cody you'll sometimes say to me like well you've done this more than me what
do you think and I'll go no we're not all I've done more than you is what you've done but
so differently that we're not I don't have more experience than you anymore like like
I've watched Cody confront certain situations politically creatively where it's like you're
in post and then somebody's like they've got notes and someone else's got notes and the
way that people handle things and stuff and like my only experience is in this sort of
like I don't know this kind of thing where I'm like like yeah you know I gotta nip that
in the bud I'm gonna have to tell Ralph that he's not allowed to be in the edit bay anymore
this is this very like like cut and dry like you know not to be too hyperbolic but there's
almost mafioso kind of thing where it's like we're at war and this is an army the war is
with lack of entertainment and we're an army and I'm the general it's not I've come to learn
all too late that it is that is not the right way to get things done there's way more like
being a hub of a wheel where you actually are dealing with more shit not less shit you're
not MacArthur at the top like someone can be turned into dust for questioning where you
park your tank it's like you're in the middle of it getting paid the most and so there's
a bunch of people like worrying about shit and you radiate outward calm and leadership
and stuff like that I've seen Cody do it and seen you do it and see the difference in how
the production goes and it translates into dollars and cents being saved and you should
be very proud of yourself you're a great showrunner.
Thank you. It's a real skill it's not a it's something that just you're just good at it.
I was very lucky David our line producer is very good and also we have Dominic who Jeff mentioned
he's like this big time guy from Simpsons and King of the Hill and stuff so we had a lot of great people.
I went out and like was doing like came over to Starbucks for a meeting or something like that
or doing some other podcast thing and some of your I won't say employees but like some
of your you know your crew and like animators and directors and whatnot they they looked over
and they're like hey like it's the guy from the TV.
I forget her name I forget one of the animators she's like or maybe she's an editor but she's
like like Rosie I won't remember I'm sorry but I'm bad with names but she was like she looked
like she couldn't have been happier to be on the job on that thing and so that has to
that has to be a trickle down thing from the top of people like liking to show up for work
and being proud of what they're creating.
Yeah it's really cool this season we got who we got we got Matt Gorely we got Kate
Makuchi we got Tony Newsome we got Reggie Watts we got Joel Kimbooster we got Jared Logan
we got Darcy Cardin we got Jess McKenna we got Carl Tartt and we got Tom Kenny and they
all really nail it.
Jess McKenna's episode was she the one that did like the legal thing?
Yeah it was like a legal thing.
Yeah I mean without doing a spoiler I don't know how much I can spoil but there was a
thing that I think was accidental that she happened there happened to be a legal like
a courtroom scene and I don't think that that was by design right?
No we wanted to get Matt Gorely because he obviously did a great skeleton lawyer on Harmon
Town right but he couldn't make it for that episode so we got Jess McKenna who was in
the big club.
She apparently went to law school and it was one of the most good law school.
She was like a mock courtroom champ in high school.
It was devastating improv of like what the fuck like how did you?
It was a tour de force.
It really was like I just saw her recently and like that was outstanding.
She's great her podcast is great holy shit.
Yeah it's a goody and then Tom Kenny of course is just a he's his own machine.
He's I don't know it really feels like it escalates like towards the end and he really
he's screaming in the end of the episode and it's like man what a great way to finish
off this.
Have you seen his band Tom Kenny in the high seas?
No.
Has anybody?
Yeah it's he sings like a soul singer like he's like Otis Redding or Sam Cook and he
he has a giant band there's three women backup vocalists are great there's a bunch of horns
they all have captain's hats on and he just screams for a living and never loses his voice
like he like SpongeBob doing soul music is very exciting.
At the end of Hollywood's life Tom Kenny is going to be standing outside the gates as
the rest of it burns down behind him and he's going to be like I guess I won.
Yeah.
He's such an odd character on the chessboard of LA.
We were having dinner just ran into him and him and Jill Talley his wife was awesome also
and just like sitting next to them it's just like he has this ability to really make you
happy and it doesn't seem like a put on he's just he just has childlike glee at all times.
No he's definitely one of those guys that you'd have every opportunity to like second
guess his glow and go like well that must come at the cost of being disingenuous somehow
or like you're so on I don't think he's ever been on this show has he?
No.
But you should bring Tom and Jill along and while I'm thinking of it Levy.
He takes out his phone.
If you're not too busy with your vampire girlfriend you can't take a photograph.
Andy kindler.
We got the kindles back.
We got the Andy kindler and Tom Kenny on in in in respect to some religion like are the
are the Gandalf and Saruman of.
Kindler so he's so he goes so dark God damn he's funny but anyways also we got we got Dave
Foley he wants to be on the show too.
Yeah it's good to see him again.
I saw I saw Mark McKinney in San Diego and he was there with his fully adult son it's
so weird to like look at like colleagues people the people that you admired when you were
a kid and then you're like McKinney and I are both the same puffiness we're the same age
you know like we I I really like like hanging out with that guy and he's a delight and like
I've I ran into him in San Diego and then and then went to see Tom Kenny at the farmers
market and Scott Thompson is walking Scott Thompson is sitting there with Dave Foley
over there.
I guess it's like the we did a show in Winnipeg with Foley and you know the who's live anyway
thing and that's where Kevin McDonald lives.
Kevin came to the show we brought him on stage and I sat in the green with him and I just
hugged him and he instantly just hugs you back.
He's like he's everything you want out of Kevin McDonald.
He's just a little love bug.
It's really good.
They all used to hate each other but they hated each other.
They're Canadian.
They maybe like they didn't share a bus one time.
Well I think I think I think some of them got along with some of them hate each other.
Well they've lived of whatever like like they they they all definitely like each other.
It's fun going down like being Atlanta with Dave Foley and he's sober now and he's been
sober for like I think like seven or eight years.
Oh yeah I was arrested there.
I passed out there was arrested like you get the Dave Foley kind of remembering where he
was been in the world before a tour.
It's great.
Thank you sir.
That guy loves it.
I will say it's like like Dave and Scott are like when you look at their faces I don't
know if Scott Thompson like drinks a lot but like that face app thing that was going around
where it's like all it does is just like you know it doesn't like those guys both they
just it's like okay clearly you're older put at the same time like it's not none of the
bad things it's simply just adding like lines of distinction.
But they still have a weird kind of childlike cherubic kind of thing going on.
They're aging the way we all love.
That's I think if that's not important also your body's not important.
I heard that app was the Russians.
Yeah shout out to all you people as I share my I'm like oh here's a pic of me or a video
of me diving into my pool.
Thank you so much everybody for your constructive criticism about my body from the people that
think I skip leg day to the people that think that my legs are great and I need to work
on my upper body to the people that just want to say I look like a caramel apple.
A ton of people just being like fucking awesome and just going like like like I don't want
to say what you should say but what I would say to you if I was your if I was following
you and you were like here's me jumping in a pool and I had anything to say I'm pretty
sure I would either say hey you look fucking great like I love you or I'd shut the fuck
up.
I just think it's a but I think it's amazing like all the people that are like dude you
need to fucking work on your thighs and your legs so instead of like you click on every
single one of their names not that I've done this.
Always a locked account always because they're so proud of physical like like like beauty
and they're so focused on it that they love their life and they can't wait to celebrate
the shape of their body and they just that's why they have a locked account and they just
go and comment on other people's pages your legs are too skinny.
You know what every bit of carbon dioxide that you exhale turns into fucking oxygen
through me I'm a plant apparently or a drunk mammal that's running other things to say.
You actually might be a caramel apple.
I may be a caramel apple look I did notice it too I do look a little it's a little odd
I think it might be a little bit of field of view thing like I definitely like I'm I
think it's a combination of not dieting drinking whenever I want but still working out and
like lifting and stuff like that plus just like but surprisingly we were in the pool
playing pool sports where we took some of their dogs like tennis ball like little like
chew toys and we were just pitching it around and your hand-eye coordination is
fantastic like you like you're like you got a baseball player's like mitt on your
I don't know why playing catch is fun in a pool but if you try to do it on land it'd be
like fuck you bully.
It's because you can fall.
There's something really fun about it like throwing a ball back and forth.
Because if you miss it you get to go swim over to it it's exciting it's really good.
I'm so sunburned right now I'm just pink.
I like my upper my upper body is.
You got it.
Sorry Katelyn sorry too soon.
Not cool.
Katelyn you're saying 20 minutes and what happens to you do you just roast or what?
I get I'm pink right now from 10 minutes of my sunscreen wearing off.
Under the stage lights?
I actually got heat rash on my legs from reading Calvin and Hobbes as a kid in my bathroom.
I didn't realize that there was a heat lamp above me and I was just reading it because
it was the only place I could get away from my family who I love.
And who are all albino.
Yeah just my brother's just yeah I realized that something was wrong when I could get heat
I could get burned from that yeah put on sunscreen.
So it's not just UV light that gets you it's any kind of.
Every kind of everything sucks.
Convection radiation anything like that.
Yeah I'm not a fan.
Oh man did you did anybody happen to see the is your news algorithm the same as mine where
you get that Fox news story about the British girl that was snorkeling in Cuba?
No.
Click at your peril.
It's fucking crazy.
What happened?
How's she doing?
She lived.
There's just a photo of I've never it's like it's just a British girl who's fair skinned who
was down in Cuba and she swears she put on a million.
She knew she was fair skin and put on all the sunscreen so it's like your instinct for victim
blaming like kicks in but it's like she's her parents are like I'm telling you I know teenagers
don't listen but I we we kept saying put on sunscreen and she kept doing it and she snorkeled
for an hour and like 30 degrees a goddamn horror show.
I've never I didn't know you just described my worst fears.
It looks she said it felt she's she's getting on the plane to go back to England and she
said it felt like there were water balloons on my back because in fact there were water
balloons on her back.
You can't imagine it too extremely like like like like like whatever you could conjure
in your head.
Imagine like we water balloons on a person's back.
That's good.
Yeah.
Devil is alive.
The devil is alive.
But I don't know.
I don't understand.
Like this poor girl.
I mean bless her heart like she's viral because she did have bothered to do a Facebook post.
You'd think like an adolescent girl would be inherently ashamed because something went
wrong with the way she looks or whatever and but she's like the reason she's viral and
it ends up on Fox News is because she was I felt like the the tone of her posts was like
she really wanted to make sure this didn't happen to anybody else.
Like maybe we want to cry a little bit because she's been through enough like like and she's
just sort of like actually just really be careful because it's subtext.
She is warming up and like there's no.
I want to follow up.
I want to know how she's doing.
I feel a kinship.
She's okay.
I mean I mean she's she she may be permanently like whatever she's going to be permanently
anything that like she's healing.
Okay.
But she's sorry.
What did you grow up with your hometown?
I was born here when I was eight.
I moved to Northeast Washington right under Canada and by Idaho.
So I was pretty happy because of the cloud cover or well we I mean we grew up like it
was 92 when we moved so we had those big earthquakes and my parents were kind of like we grew up
here and fuck it.
Right.
So like everybody else moved up there.
So pool parties the beach was always out of the question for you.
I would just bring my umbrella.
I like to go outside as long as I'm not in directs and I'll do like 10 minutes with a
hundred proof on and lay out there and be like yes.
How far from the gorge were you?
I was four hours from the gorge.
Great shows.
Yeah.
Amazing.
Great shows of the gorge but I loved it up there because winters were about six months
and it was dark at 4 p.m. and everybody else was sad for some reason which I don't understand.
And it was great and it was a great place to be a goth.
I can't wear velvet in L.A. There's no way because he can't tell me about it baby.
I wear suits.
I have 17 suits that don't if ever get out of the closet because it's too hot.
I'm very similar.
I have a closet full of them and yes I have to wait till I travel and I'm like yes.
Right.
Oh I'm going to Sweden.
I can bring all my cool shit.
Yeah.
Kaelin always amazing suits.
Amazing suits.
How do you guys know each other?
The suit star.
My wife and him go way back.
She knows a bunch of people and she's like I punched above my weight and we came here
for the first time and Brandon comes out he was comfortable and when you were sick with
your throat.
Uh huh.
And she's like hi Brandon.
I'm like what the fuck.
What are you doing?
How do you know him?
And then I'm not jealous or anything because if they were lovers once I'd be fine with
it.
Wow.
Were you?
And you don't have to wait my cuck.
I find that I'm so kidding but your wife is so wonderful.
It's that would be my favorite.
She's not here right now.
You can say what you want.
I love her.
She's great.
That's what I'm going to say.
We worked on a show together called taxi cab confessions and it was a nightmare and we
were in South Padre and we were drivers.
So it was a you were drivers.
I feel like she my wife and him not me.
Yeah.
I didn't drive because I was like I'm just like it's so they hire they're they're not
real cab drivers.
No they're they're like TV personalities at the time they were like sort of MTV young
sort of hip like dudes.
That was the HBO show where they just chirp about their lives.
This one was like a sort of a bootleg version of that.
This wasn't I think ours was for I think ours was for MTV but it could have been the HBO
one.
We tried to do a sketch or VH1 sketch show that Channel 101 inspired it was like a taxi
boat confessions or something.
Were you were you part of that?
Did you shoot?
No.
It was just like it was such a waste of money because the joke didn't land but it was like
it's just funny this was like people getting into a boat to go across a lake and then the
boat's like and like and there's just a person going like yeah I'm going across the lake
to sleep with a married woman because they can't you can't hear him over the motorless
sorry I can't I said I'm engaged in adultery right now and so that's part of the joke and
then the other part of the joke is it's just a lake so you have no time to oh okay we're
here all right I'll take it you need to resurrect that it's fucking good there was really no
way to couch that sketch I thought it was such a funny idea any who that'd be good
interdimensional cable was that accessible TV was it yeah yeah cutting room floor anyways
guys wow then go sorry and then I went to a bunch of Klan shows and he's an amazing
singer and his band is amazing some brothers and what's the band what's the band called
it's actually just me now I'm a narcissist it was a bunch of other bands but now it's
just Klan Chase because I got sick of talking to people and it's really it's in it's in
fucking credible okay Klan so can we do a musical version of your favorite movie to
close the show sure okay what's your pick a movie that would be boogie nights boogie
nights okay yes all right give us some a string of unrelated beats this isn't going to work
but is that exactly up there thank you Zach Zach McKee around the beats everybody well
but my name is Bert Reynolds character and I noticed you have a big dick are you not
pull a poopy doo doo doo you want me to do that chick with the roller skates yes I do
okay you did great thanks you shouldn't be a busboy anymore you should be in porn okay
I see my name in lights what is it it says is that all right all right next song so this
is act two right yeah this is 1980 after willing nature is blown is no not after oh no we're
doing it yeah what are you gonna I'm sorry I I bear the lead yeah yeah my name is Don
Sheetal and I can't find a look I'm gonna have a runner and it's gonna be in the book
of runners whatever okay my name is Julianne Moore I am kind of a whore I wish I had my
kid but I don't so I'll do blow get over here jerk I'm gonna show you how to twerk with
your nostrils yes it's sexy when it goes down your throat how about a fuck how about a
fuck too no I'm trying to hear a fuck out a fuck out a fuck out don't hear a boo A
Oh, yeah, oh, poor Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Oh, yes, true.
Michael Thomas.
All right.
Philip Michael Thomas is here to talk to Philip Seymour Hoffman.
It's not the heat.
It's the humidity.
I know.
All right.
I'm Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Can you come out to the driveway and look at my Camaro?
What's up, Donnie?
It looks really cool.
What are you doing with your hand?
I want to kiss you.
I love you.
Come on, Donnie.
Get back inside.
You just dropped.
I just don't do it.
We're an idiot.
You're an idiot.
I'm a fucking idiot.
Oh, please.
Miami Vice.
Philip Michael Thomas.
William H. Macy is the name of the game.
I'm about to blow my brains out all over the frame.
Go sleep on the couch.
Go on the couch, you fucking pussy.
Yo, Happy New Year's Eve.
VHS is coming around.
It's going to change the video and the sound.
It's making it more duplicatable and pornography is rateable by the consumer and not in the
theater.
Everything's rentable and no one's going to eat her for longer than two minutes because
you can fast forward.
Oh shit.
Oh no.
Brent Reynolds is going down.
No story anymore.
Get in the limo.
I just want to be an artist.
I want to be an artist and I have no control over my own artist.
Roll the girls getting pissed.
Going to stomp on a guy's face because he was a dick.
Everyone's doing drugs.
Everyone is doing drugs.
You're an idiot.
I wish there was Jesse's girl.
Firecrackers.
Camera trucking.
Alfred Molina.
Oh shit.
I just had an epiphany.
Return threshold going back to my family.
Going to pull out my fake dick in the mirror.
Everything's going to be fine now.
Where the fuck is tea right here?
Big dick.
Big dick at the end of the movie.
Boogie Nights.
That's it.
Yeah.
Boogie Nights.
Everybody needs to have a Boogie Nights.
Everybody needs to have a fucking Boogie Nights.
Whatever happened to the Boogie Days, the Boogie Afternoons?
When you're out by now, you don't want to go out there, man.
I want to have a Boogie brunch, a Boogie breakfast, a Boogie lunch.
Make sure it's under the cabana, man.
I don't want to wait until the sun goes down to get my Boogie on.
My Boogie wants to go around the whole day like the sun in the sky.
To the Boogie Nights.
Whatever happened to the Asian kid throwing firecrackers around?
Is he all right?
Probably got a scholarship to MIT.
Oh, that's good news.
I was worried about him.
There wasn't silver lining.
Okay.
All right.
Hornhub is coming.
Oh, no.
Did your kid pee in my pool?
Dumb cheetah in the cowboy hat.
Doing the final rap.
Played by Brandon Johnson for no other reason.
Yeah, got you.
I've been a kid.
High five in the stereo store.
Walking with a couple beddies.
Maybe two, three, or four.
Ooh, sweet.
I'm a cowboy.
Stereo store set to destroy.
Trying to get that loan.
So multiple board stores I can't employ.
Nine boys coming up looking mean.
Motherfuck it.
It's straight up boy history.
Dick's so hard.
It's a mystery.
But not drunk watching makes fuck.
Cliff Hanger.
Thank you all for coming.
Almost got me.
Give it up for Katelyn Chase, everybody.
Cheer up.
Steve Levy.
Brandon Johnson.
Spencer Crittenden.
Then I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor is Jen Harmon.
Thank you all.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.